Ahhhhm, you well
Oh, you too.
What you mean stuff?
yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Right, yeah.
Ahhhh...... okay, okay
***
I see I see
That's a yeah, yeah, yeah
That makes sense. Yeah, that that does make sense.
At least he explained it to you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I get that. ch uff. yeah
yeah
I feel like if I were to start a new piece,
I would bring it up to Foreign, I don't think I would bring up to foreign
Unless unless, he mentions it, I don't think I would ever bring it up.
I am little scared. Huhuh
Sorry, You are okay.
yeah
I wonder if it's by pick.
I feel like they look at something.
Cuz I don't know. I don't know
Like it's very hard to tell. like maybe it is 5.1.
I feel like, yeah, a little bit, but like it can't be all.
May be yeah, but ago
Well, who know everything now
no
Lincy
Lincy is
Ahww...
Wait, but Kayla and Emily-
Does Emily take license?
Hardly not their, I know it
Then, okay lot
Wasn't she a National Humanity kid?
I don't know. It's kind of weird.
Survey excel, survey excel, yeah
But like, I feel like
I don't know.
I guess, yeah, party is more like a
Go by feel.
Character
Sometimes Pugosiana is better at explaining things.
I feel like for you since Jiyoung is like very direct with explaining things
counselling twice is sometime, confusing. But like for me...
Jiyoung is very- or not Jiyoung, Barney is very like
Yeah, he's canna like, not feel not like
Feels so, it's that's kind of like her vibe, so sometimes like Pogostin's lesson is a little more complicated.
Yeah, for me mm..
I forget, yeah
Sss. So haven't like, I feel like, no
are there any like solo solo riff
You do really want to do, like non
Are there any non-accompanied voices that you want to do?
I want to learn how to play the Shakhom
ohhh
Bababum bum
Ahw
hahuhahuh
Yeah, that was a lot
Yeah.
I would never want to. Not that.
I should I should learn it but like the C major one
something long
Wedding card. see major do you
I feel like that's why people like a lot of people like change their name when they just feel
Or like, rest I mostly like
auditions because it's not because like the first few is a little on the shorter side
You know, and then, yeah
feel like
***
yeah
I want to, yeah
I feel like, I feel like
I don't know. So called